Completed (C)
Active (A)
Stalled(not being worked on/unknown author) (S)
Reserved(hands off) (R)
Free for all(feel free to contribute) (F)


Lantera:
(A) 'Natalya is your sub' story line, basically redone from the ground up, and more additions to the Mistress/Natalya quest in general.
(A) Post office job
(R) 'Roof over your head' story line, which offers a place to stay if you have no home. Could be a homeless enclave near the park, could be a cheap ragged hotel on the outskirts of the city that Sveta should be able to afford.
(R) Hotel jobs, as described above
(R) 'Road to the Championships' story line, which picks up where the Christina quest line currently stops. You can convince the running coach to bring you along as well as Christina for running events, and the two of you would be competing against one another. Whoever does better (whoever the coach likes more, that is...) gets to run the matches. I'll let you figure out how you can get the coach to like you.
(R) 'Indebted to Bely' story line, the current events when you're in debt to Vadim Bely are very bare-bones.
(F) Some more interracial content, in some shape or form.
And of course text edits, until the scrambled machine translations are completely gone.


Rodziel:
(A) Expanding drug related events.
(A) Adjusting main storyline for cursed schoolgirl mode.

Kevin Smarts:
(F) Bank work and events
(F) Add a lot more events to BDSM club
(R) Impose opening hours and second secretary so Elektra can have some days off to the BDSM club
(A) New arousal system
(F) remove the dynamics as locations, which are causing errors and confusion
(F) Extend the Lariska mum events
(R) Add a Mistress as guest at the hotel and events for her to lead to BDSM club membership
(R) Shoes
(R) Underwear
(R) Exhibitionist system with event chain to unlock the shop / clothing
(R) Extend selfies to include underwear and nudity, plus images with sperm on face / body and storage on phone to view photos by catergory and scroll easily
(R) Re-do alarm clock to make the setting more alarm clock-y
(F) Sort out graduation to prevent endless school if you miss it and giving proper information to make missing it harder

Vaelon: 
(A) Succubus

Malen:
(R) Anya & Kolka 'sibling love'
(R) Impreg fetishizm on workplace
(A) Generic sex events rework
Ideas: date-rape-drugs, mom-boss blackmail, more Natasha-Kolka events, pregnancy porn, bestiality porn, formicophilia/insectophobia

EKay:
(A) Church confession events 33%, sex scenes 0%)
(R) Coach (add joke revenge event)
(R) Bio-dad
(A) Fix Rex & Mira

illume:
(A) Wiki/FAQ
(A) Collect feedback from Chinese forum
--- idle til next version ---
(A) Translate release version into Chinese UI
(A) Import events from Russian version

nutluck:
(A) School events

Up for grabs:
While working on the sexm, I was like, man it sucks we don't have boyfriends in the boyStat, we should really add them. Then I was like, yeah but then we would need to give them each a name. Then I was like we could give them a blurb of personality on the wiki FAQ that we could later add in. Like a bit about their family, goals in life etc. To give them a bit more. split them up into 3 groups, shy group, normal, bad boy, do 5 to 7 boys for each group. get a image of each one, a name for each one, a boystat entry for each one then do a personality blurb.
Then when you ran into a boy to date it would always be one of them. With them each having a name, the code could be written to never pull the same guy twice. So in different play throughs you might date the same guy, but during a single play through you should never date the same guy twice.
